docs: call setEmitters before load (#53)
discord-akairo/discord-akairo: docs/listeners/emitters.md

});
```

> Note: You have to call `setEmitters` before `load` or `loadAll` so that Akairo will be able to resolve your emitters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: You have to call `setEmitters` before loading so that Akairo will be able to resolve your emitters.
```
